Updates (#4)
chkpwd/alfred-workflows: README.md

# An Alfred Workflow that uses your Ente Exports

> It's not using a cli so you have to export from the ente app and then manually import them into the workflow's database

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ente Auth does not support exporting TOTP codes. To use this project, please export from the Ente app and then manually import them into the workflow's database using the `import` parameter.

Note: In the future, the workflow will take care of the import.
```

## Setup

1. Install workflow from releases
2. Follow instructions below to create the database

## Instructions

1. Open Alfred
2. Go to workflows
3. Right click the Ente 2FA workflow and press Open In Finder.
4. Export in plain text your Ente 2FA codes

> 5. rename that file to secrets.txt and put it in the folder that got opened previously

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Rename that file to secrets.txt and put it in the folder that got opened previously
```
